TF-31185: Remove references to SMS two-factor authentication for HCP Terraform (#1340)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/2fa.mdx

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

## Enable 2FA on user accounts
<!-- BEGIN: TFEnterprise:only name:block-sms-mfa-enrollment -->
1. Sign in to Terraform Enterprise.
1. Click the user icon in the upper right corner and choose **Account Settings** from the menu. 
1. Click **Two Factor Authentication** in the sidebar and enable one of the following settings:
    - **Application**
    - **SMS Only (Text Message)**. Note that you cannot use SMS when operating Terraform Enterprise in an IPv6-only network. Refer to [Requirements](#requirements).
1. Enter an SMS-enabled phone number. A phone number is optional when you enable **Application**.
1. Click **Enable 2FA** and complete the instructions to finish the configuration.
1. If you enabled **Application**, Terraform prompts you to scan a QR code and provide an authentication code to enable your TOTP-compliant application.
<!-- END: TFEnterprise:only name:block-sms-mfa-enrollment --> <!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:block-sms-mfa-enrollment -->

> 1. Sign in to [HCP Terraform](https://app.terraform.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you enabled **Application**, Terraform prompts you to scan a QR code and provide an authentication code to enable your TOTP-compliant application. <!-- END: TFEnterprise:only name:block-sms-mfa-enrollment --> 
<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:block-sms-mfa-enrollment -->1. Sign in to [HCP Terraform](https://app.terraform.io/).
```

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

## Enable 2FA on user accounts
<!-- BEGIN: TFEnterprise:only name:block-sms-mfa-enrollment -->
1. Sign in to Terraform Enterprise.
1. Click the user icon in the upper right corner and choose **Account Settings** from the menu. 
1. Click **Two Factor Authentication** in the sidebar and enable one of the following settings:
    - **Application**
    - **SMS Only (Text Message)**. Note that you cannot use SMS when operating Terraform Enterprise in an IPv6-only network. Refer to [Requirements](#requirements).
1. Enter an SMS-enabled phone number. A phone number is optional when you enable **Application**.
1. Click **Enable 2FA** and complete the instructions to finish the configuration.
1. If you enabled **Application**, Terraform prompts you to scan a QR code and provide an authentication code to enable your TOTP-compliant application.
<!-- END: TFEnterprise:only name:block-sms-mfa-enrollment -->

> <!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:block-sms-mfa-enrollment -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- END: TFEnterprise:only name:block-sms-mfa-enrollment --> <!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:block-sms-mfa-enrollment -->
```

## Log in with 2FA enabled

> After two-factor authentication has been successfully set-up you will need to enter the code from your TOTP-compliant application on login.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After setting-up two-factor authentication, you must enter the code from your TOTP-compliant application whenever you login.
```
